TODO
====

todo is a tool meant for handling tasks and notes. It reads the
directory $HOME/.todo and interpretes the files inside as TodoItems. The
items need to have a specific format as described below.

`todo -t` will print items for the current day and the ones that were
due in the past but arent marked as done. `todo -a` will print out
agenda, i.e. items for the next (by default) eight days. See `todo -h`
for other actions and options.


COMPILING, INSTALLING AND UNINSTALLING
--------------------------------------

Build todo with Cargo:

    $ cargo build --release

Install the program with

    $ make install

and uninstall with

    $ make uninstall


TODO FILE FORMAT
----------------

A regex-like description of the format is
"heading\n(tag\n)*(\nbody\n)?".

Every attribute in the file is split on their own line, apart from the
body that can span on multiple lines. The heading is the only mandatory
piece of data and should always be on the first line of the file. Other
attributes can be omitted.

Heading is followed by any number of tags. Tags are key-value pairs,
separated by a colon (':'). Key and value are trimmed of whitespace from
start and end when parsing the file, so "a:b" and "a: b " both describe
the same pair.

The body is separated from the header section (heading and tags) by a
newline, and everything after it is considered as the body. The body is
not parsed at all but is read "as is" instead. Thus it can span on
multiple lines and be freely formatted.

An example of a todo file would be:

+++
Release version 0.2.0 of 'todo'
date: 2016-02-20
status: done

Tag a new release and push it to public .git repo.
+++


BUGS
----

If you have found a bug in the program, please report it to the author
directly. See AUTHOR section below for contact information.


AUTHOR
------

Written by Tuomo Hartikainen <tth@harski.org>.


LICENSE
-------

Licensed under the 2-clause BSD license. See the supplied LICENSE file for
details.
